Those of you who have been following me for a long time know that I have a certain idolatry for the actor. Will Smith is my
favorite Hollywood actor. I also really love all of his movies. For
example, I Am Legend, which is one of my favorites, I admire him a lot since I was a kid and
Recently I was lucky enough to be able to meet him in person, not to talk to him, surely he
doesn't remember me, he hasn't seen me, but I was able to go see him at the Hormiguero Because he came to Spain
to give an interview, his first interview in fact after The slap that hit Chis
and I was lucky enough to be invited. And well, I drove five hours there and five
back on the same day to go see how that program was recorded, it gave me a bit of a
pinch. I didn't [ __ ] a little when I saw on Juanito's Twitter that Willen also
attended Didi's parties And the thing is that [ __ ] I think absolutely no one is Libra, that
is, everyone who moves in the circles and everyone who is upstairs on some occasion
by ho by B has gone to one of these parties So I think we should now cure the horror of
noticing that also in this video we are going to see that in the end Sabrina Carpenter who in the In the previous video,
I was saying that I hope he never went, he also went, he also went to a
party and Didy's parties were not only the private parties that he organized at his
house, his birthday, his friends' birthdays, but also his own. Big events
like latin ntv some after hired him to organize the parties after the
events then also. It is very normal that many actors and many famous people who did not know to what
extent the topic was shady went to the parties and especially to stay within the wheel
What's up my kids welcome one more day to my channel I'm Javi oliveira and if you didn't know me
I invite you to subscribe welcome one more day to a video where we try to search until the end
of Live by p Didi You already know On this channel we talk about all the viral news and all
the current events, also about sal seito, if you like it and are interested in this type of content, you don't
want to miss anything I upload, subscribe, it's completely free, gentlemen, pay attention because
today I bring you something So not only will you be able to save on your favorite purchase, but
this application will also give you some cash back while you are shopping. This is hipsy.com
where you can find all kinds of cards, not only gift cards but purchase cards in
general. Amazon hbo Netflix onlyfan in short whatever you want but be careful because I have also sent a
little gift for you and it is a promotional code with which apart from that cutback you will get a 10%
discount here you have the code Javi o and don't forget to download too the sen application
where they will send you and accumulate the cashb sen is your account that you are going to create in this application it is
very easy to install it is also free and be careful because on this same day that I am uploading the
video And tomorrow there will also be a special offer on Amazon cards where by entering the code
ama10 you will also have a 5% more discount on casba that is, more money from casba you still have
in the description of this video in the comment posted the links where you can find everything You're
welcome and we continue with the video By the way, before starting today's video I know that many
people see me from Florida, Tampa, Orlando or even Miami, I am up to date and aware of the hurricane that
you are experiencing, Hurricane Milton. I hope you are safe, take care of yourselves, okay, I want you alive here for
For a long time we have had an update on Leonardo DiCaprio. And although he has not
spoken directly, he has sent his close sources to speak
in some way so that they can communicate to the media that he has not attended the meetings for a long time.
Didi's parties, touch your nose, no, I mean, you have been attending all your life, you have done and
undone at those parties whatever you feel like, you have a closeness with Didi that is undeniable,
it cannot be denied and now you come out to say that it has been a long time since you last You go but you haven't gone in a while because
Leonardo, that is, it's been a while since you've gone because you've realized how serious the situation is or
Have you realized now over time everything that was going on at those parties, unfortunate
shameless uncle, shameless as I was telling you at the beginning of the video, one of the biggest disappointments
that people are mentioning on social networks in recent days is after having discovered in
these archive photos And I really think that there is a part of Didi's parties that were
kind of bad. Well, obviously we have already mentioned this in many videos, not that there were like
parties that were lighter among the crazy ones that could be be but it was a more visible part
in fact they had like these photo agencies that immortalize the event took photos of the
guests. I don't know if you remember to put me in the comments box those who did here in Spain
there was a thing when I went out to the club when I was 20 20 something they were called the
agents of the night the agents of the night were photographers who went to all the
most popular nightclubs and then on their website they uploaded the compilation of photos they
took of all the people the night and you looked for yourself the next day they saw the photos
of last night's party or whatever No, well here practically the agencies came to
the party to take photos and there are these photos as archives that are completely public and
well I understand that they When they allowed this access and that these photographs were taken, it is
because they did not see anything shady, of course, to see anything shady, taking into account that there is a
naked woman, eh, like presenting the buffet, that is, presenting the food buffet while
people are around snacking and taking things from around there is a naked woman
standing there as if she were a pig, the move is worth it, it's good the photograph will be censored
here in the video because you already know that on YouTube I can't put that photo but we have
also mentioned it in videos previous And this party was the one that Will Smith attended. I was arguing with
the people on my team because they thought that in some photographs Will Smith appeared dressed
differently, therefore he would have attended several parties. In my opinion, I personally think that it is
the same clothes. What happens is that in one he is more shirtless and in reality it is the same shirt, no.
Or the same shirt, but he has opened it and he has the same pants. I think it is the same
party. Because also bru Willy, now we will also mention something about Not him but bru Willy has
the same clothes in this photo or with William me and in this other photo too and the one who has
changed his clothes is pididi, that is, practically I would dare to affirm that Willy only came
to this party therefore personally As with other celebrities that we have been mentioning
throughout the video, I cannot condemn a person or play a person because they have
attended a party and it is probably to stay in the atmosphere so as not to get off the
wheel. In fact, they It makes me very strange that Will Me had a good, cordial relationship with Didi
considering that Yada was a very good friend of Tupac and you already know the theory that there is about
Tupac's death. In fact, if it were true that Will is my friend Aba with Didi in this We couldn't
blame Yada for bad influence or anything like that Because it would be absolutely up to him, by the
way, private investigations have been started on the subject of Tupac It seems that the case is
going to move again now that Taking advantage of the fact that he is in the prison have hired
private investigations to look for some more connections with Didi and to see if they can finally blame him or
not, the singer's death is still a complete mystery but well, as I was telling you,
I have always thought about the theory that Will in me In fact, he tried to save Justin Bieber in some way
when he was so involved with Didi. I think he would probably even know,
either from him or from Jaden, some secret of Yi with Paz Dadi that would set off alarm bells
and he would want to get him out of there. That's why he finally Also Justin no longer talks to Didy in fact
We were watching a clip in which even the goab Although we also have to remember that Will
participated in these videos that were sent to the guests that if you have followed my series
of videos you will be aware I recommend you If you are watching this video you will also see the
entire playlist that I have on this topic Because everything that comes out we are
documenting here on the channel okay And well, one of the things that we mentioned in previous videos
was that Didi did not send the guests a normal invitation, she did not send them a flyer
sent them a super personalized video recorded by several very famous people including Will Smith
did didy Did I thought name puff Daddy pu p Daddy didy puffy Daddy didy You
are cordially invited to celebrate the birth of pe didy sean didy puff pastry
comb puff the Magic Dragon puff puffy I call puffy sean John got a lot of names
huh get some more names hr puff and Stuff p puff puy po Bad Boy you call Birthday boan
John puffy comes sean puffy [Music] comes my Man puy Big Boy the Legendary
pu Yes Daddy That's the one you need to use Daddy My
dad Hi guys How you doing on November 4 You are C inv [Music]
in this photograph of the same party we can also see the actor Owen Wilson who the truth
and I say it with all due respect I have It's okay to tell you about gossip. And my
wife and I have always asked ourselves when we watch a movie about him why this man
has never had a nose job being so famous and we have the theory that it is part of his
personality and he considers it that way. Maybe it's like a seal. It's not like their brand and in this photograph,
for example, someone we can see with it could be Charlie Sing, although I can't differentiate it
well. Maybe I'm getting confused, tell me in the comments box a few minutes ago I was
commenting. and showing photos of bru Willy Also at this same party to bru Willy
We have already mentioned it in previous videos And he even went so far as to jump into a pool, so
he enjoyed Didi's party well bru wily He jumped into a pool with some
naked girls and Well, here I will be putting on the screen a series of photographs so
that you can calmly confirm that he does know Didi's White parties well
and that he has attended several. Willy was a regular, we could talk about it, okay in
this photograph too We can see Luda Cris, singer and actor of Fast and Furious. You know him
there. Here we know him as A Full Gas, which is this one in the yellow shirt and next to
Didi Diana Ross. In other words, that's what I'm telling you how to go here. I think
the entire elite has finally come. So we'll have to see what attitude they have with what's coming out.
For example, the other day we were seeing Rihana's response. Well, it was quite brief, as
she didn't want to get too dirty, but that's what I'm telling you. many have participated because
they are there because they are in the environment because they are in the elite Because they leave an event and from the event
they are sent to the party so We would have to see the involvement of each one if then when at
certain times things took a turn for the worse of a darker color, they stayed or left, for
example, we are talking about what we have seen in previous videos, such as Densel Washington. At one point he even had
a tension with Didi, getting angry with him for something inappropriate that he saw inside while he was with
his wife in a party although other people You don't stop putting me in the comment box that
Washington brings it when you heard me say the other day that I was disappointed so well
we have a pending video on that topic ok Don't forget to subscribe to the Channel which is
completely free obligatory ok so that the videos can be seen with better quality subscribe and
like here you have some photographs of that ritual well let's see let's see let's see ritual this thing
about them walking around the woman who is naked well you'll be seeing her censored
but On the internet these photographs are uncensored, it is a naked woman with all the
fruits around it. Not there on a tray, I'm telling you, it looks like a pig. They are displaying it as if it were
a typical pig. eh a certain shady tint
ok here you will also be seeing censored on screen we are also going to censor your breasts
a lot of girls who are only with body painting that good This should not have
anything wrong in a certain way with the chic thing in the tray could actually also be a
joke, the pure joke is a show, not an exhibition, but of course we have to take into account that
there is a lot of theory and Megan Fox would be involved here. And according to some rumors there is a
group of celebrities, among which she is found, who apart from the already topic In addition to what is already done in itself,
some criminal things are also done at Didi's parties and she would also like
the satanic rituals that let's see. These are rumors and you already know that I don't like to base my videos
on rumors either, but well, it's quite enough. I also have to tell you strongly about Megan Fox, they have
said many more things over the years in this same style and in this same tone. So
it could add up, yes, it is true that the thing about carrying a girl there on a tray to presenting the
buffet is
a bit
blood of other people, he also
says it literally from his mouth and explicitly stating that it is one of the rituals that stops,
therefore if we are joining pieces, no Well, maybe there are rumors that are not so rumors And it is that
rituals where you drink other people's blood is another level, in fact at some parties they have
even put up cakes in the shape of a life-sized human so that people can take pieces
and eat them. Here we can also see Oh, this guy really disgusts me Harvey wiin
in one of Didi's birthdays But well, this guy doesn't surprise me, seeing with the power he had and
what he liked and the atmosphere that was moving was more than Obviously he was also going to be there
also in the previous video we were talking about Billy Alis, well, I personally hoped
that I would not come across these types of photographs because I thought that since Justin
had promised to look after her, she would have taken more advice from Justin that Justin
would have saved her and kept her away from these parties, but Not here you can see, you can
see her at a party that I think is the 2022 Oscars where Billy won the best
song for a movie and well, really, this party was not Didi's, that is, he
was there, he was involved, okay, among the 1000 people there But well, there she is with
him, not in these photographs, and there is apparent good vibes at Didi's After Party in 2023 on
the ntv, we have been able to see, for example, Taylor Swit also in this after party from what I'm telling you.
Is that you can go because you like what Didi does Or is that you can go because your own manager invites you
to the party Your own company Your own production company Is that all the famous people who have attended all
the parties are not all the famous people are bad I already know what you're going to tell me, you're going to tell me
that now I'm trying to justify some celebrities for the reason that this Will is
mine involved but it really is that it doesn't make sense that all the famous people and everyone who
is there right now, that is, each person who has attended the party is not a ped
, but it is true that in the end any photograph that has been taken of you at any of
these parties will ultimately turn out, for example, you will appear in these videos are going to appear in
Twitter threads on tiktok networks And practically they should have taken care of themselves a little [Music]
[Applause]
more Tom Holland, for example, is a very dearly beloved actor and he has always stated
that he really likes acting. He really likes being an actor, it has been his dream, he is fulfilling it
, but he does not like the world of Hollywood and he tries to stay away
from certain environments, I understand that when referring to this type of things, put it at That I would be
a very different person today I 've been really good at keeping in Touch with my Friends keeping
my family close listening to the lessons not Getting caught Up In The Hollywood hyp like I
really am a massive fan of making movies but I really do not like Hollywood It is Not For Me
that the business really scares me I understand that I'm A Part Of that business And I Enjoy my
kind of interactions with it but that said I am Always looking for Ways to kind of remove Myself
from it to kind of Just Live as normal A Life as possible I've seen so many people come before Me
And lose themselves and I've Had Friends that I've grown up with that aren't Friends Of Mine
Anymore Because they' ve Lost themselves To This business so I do try to Keep as removed from it
as possible like you'll Never See Me at an award show I don't have to be at I'm Never Going To a
red carpet event that I' m not in the film Of You know I don't want the attention When I don't need
it I love the Spotlight I love the pressure That comes with it and then When it becomes
a bit much I kind of become disapp Come Back kingst And Hollywood can have
horrible things but I also think that there will be a majority of people who are fantastic and charming and
who are good people. It is true that when there is an issue of money for half power
and so on, of course many problems arise in In fact, the world of music is still worse. I think
it's worse because nowadays, on many occasions, you don't even succeed because of your talent as such,
but rather because you're a drug addict, you're the most extroverted, crazy, even a criminal, that is, many times, maybe
because you're controversial. and by being a troublemaker they take you to the top and This makes it good when you put together
a certain series of ingredients because no matter what happens regarding the issue of Didi's parties
there are also many people who want to hear many conspiracies, I always put in the videos
theories are okay but I separate you between realities and conspiracies, for example
here I would tell you that there is a certain conspiracy with the subject of Britney peer we were commenting in the
previous video about a famous video that went very viral in which she appeared apparently very
drunk from a of Didi's parties and the one with the tiger fell on her and at the time she already said that she was not
drunk that they had gotten her drunk that they had put something in her drink. It does not finally seem to
have been confirmed and now they are theorizing that all this would have been on purpose
to create a bad image for her and so that her father would finally take over her guardianship and manage her
bank accounts. Also, the magician Chris Angel would perform in that presentation with Britney and
would leave her in the lurch a few hours before, so she had to improvise several parts for the performance.
gala was final humiliation rit Britney was placed Under conservat and we alleged involvement in this
Evil plot Against Britney so this vma performance was advertised as Britney's big comeback and the
media was drumming up publicly for months however the performance ended up Being a total disaster
and you Could Tell by the reactions of celebrities in the audience that it looked and sounded even
worse in person most of them looked confused and shocked Almost like they were wondering
If this was some kind of a prank however there was One person In The audience Who didn't t seem
confused or shocked at All You guessed it sean didy comes Now The Reason Why did Was the only
Cele in that audience Who didn't seem confused by Britney performance is Because heed played
a role in the sabot and help Britney manr Hum is also A click that has been taken from a series in which it is said that Didi purposely planned this to
be able to humiliate Robert de Nido, that is, Robert de Nido is a super respected actor,
has been widely commented on in recent days . And it does draw
attention to the fact that He was willing to do this here dressed as a Roset woman, giving Didi the ass
[Applause]
of your
Oh, I honestly think it's part of a comedy, that is, it's a joke within the
context of the series they were filming at that time and you have to see it too.
This video, this new public complaint that Carter has made, we were talking about her
in one of the first videos of the series because she accused Didi of having abused her when she
was a minor. In other words, he put her at parties as a product when she was a minor. girl came out
to speak in 2021 and now that everything has gone so viral, she has once again told something
incredible. Please be very attentive, there are animals involved in Didi's case
because she is Ashley Carter and she assures that there are animals involved in These holidays and
This is the affidavit that she submitted where she declares everything she experienced during a few
experiences she had at Didi's parties She begins her affidavit by saying that she participated
in one of Didy's parties and that she was a party favors that a party favors is like
those bags that they place at birthdays but it refers to the children who had minors
who were placed on a table like that and were selected by other people by executives
who came to that party and well, that type of abuse happened, which we already know what it is. It all started
at 2 in the morning, which was when the People began to get a little more
aggressive and the party became, let's say, a little more secrecy, but it is clear that the
didis parties are not only secrecy but that there are also rituals and that the parties are divided
by fetish, for example, a room could be the people who like to have sex with a
red liquid and in another room there may be people having sex with animals if she finished
her work quickly with one of the people who chose her, they put her back on the table and
she has to be chosen again by another person, children who have no family or are children
who are trafficked and come from the border. All of these statements were made by Ashley through a
fidavi and she has been talking about it for 4 years until now. They are paying
attention to her. important note in case someone hasn't noticed it. I understand that due to the context I
would have caught it. AF fidavi is like a sworn statement here in Spain, basically a statement
that you make, a notary makes it and it is your word signed by you and it can be presented in a trial
as something valid Even if you are not there as a witness because it is something that you have declared in front
of the notary, it does not have to be true what is said in a sworn statement is what
you say is what you declare okay is one is a statement of yours that you have made before a notary, you may
have lied, or I say this because there are many people who think that a sworn statement is
irrefutable evidence and a sworn statement is not irrefutable evidence, a sworn statement is
the same as if a witness goes to a trial it is exactly the same that witness can lie that is
the problem of the witness obviously there is a certain theory also about the fire in cara de l vinch's house
you already know that cara de l vinch was very crazy or in other words the truth is I
have lost my temper in a very crazy way. I think that this girl is now
completely out of her mind treating herself and so on. In fact, here I will be posting
some images of Margo Rit leaving the house of her friend. I don't know what their relationship is. They have it
right now but he has tried to help her on several occasions and the truth is that it is complicated
[Music]
the truth is that at didis's parties on many occasions she completely lost her sanity,
let's say you already know that Amber most of them have on some occasions They are not trios at this type
of parties and at this type of crazy events that have been done not so much at parties as at
non-parties and it is quite suspicious that the house in Cara de l'Vinch came out burning like that
supposedly because electrical issue while she was not there just in March in the days around or
at least days close to when the raids on Didi's mansions began But well
it could be a coincidence and it is precisely in this photograph that she is taken Well it is not seen here
so collapsed not in this image that you are seeing well it goes as it goes But well not so much not
comparing it with some clicks that you showed but what catches my attention here is not the face of
leaving this party of did but if you look back you see Here it is girl who's dating
[Music] Oh
Miss no problem
And yes it's Sabrina Carpenter who Just in the previous video I was mentioning this tweet of
hers that I thought this was simply a reference to the tiktok song I woke up
in the morning feeling like p.s. lyrics that have already officially changed and I told you that good
that I hoped that Sabrina had not attended any of these parties but also And well
to close the video mention that billion continues receiving the same type of spam in the mailbox
comments, in other words, everyone is demanding that she speak out, what's wrong with her, why
doesn't she condemn Didi? And why, what involvement does she have with all this? We'll have to see how she acts.
The truth is that she has a whole image team. I believe that they will be among the most
professional on the planet and will know how to advise her What she has to do and how she has to
act. I understand that even the networks she does not even run will most likely be managed
by other people J cool has made a song that points directly to jayc and beon C [Music]
in which he could be alluding to the fact that he fears for his life or
that he has assumed that the next one to die suspiciously will be him
[Music] you already know that the death of all these famous people who are mentioning Well
it was quite unexpected suddenly the music industry is shaking because of all the singers
who have participated in Didi's parties billion JC Ken West Justin Bieber Will smi rihana Jennifer
Lopez and many more have been involved in Didi's parties some alleged perpetrators
others possible other victims Accomplices with their silence but not only singers like the ones
I mentioned before that we have already talked about in other previous videos,
television presenters, well-known socialites, such as the Kardashians,
even Hollywood has been involved, several actors like Leonardo DiCaprio Aston catcher
even the next real Will Smith 50 Cent That is the champion of justice that
we are now going to suddenly put on a banner saying Oh how good 50 Cent when the guy
is another piece of disgusting criminal it really seems disgustingly repulsive to me that suddenly
people want to sanctify people like fy Cent who is practically the same garbage as him. He
is also a pu ahem ahem but he has also been given a lot of substances in fact he
even appears in video clips with these substances all the time. For a while, I mean, I don't understand anything, but
well, as it turns out, Didi is the real bad guy in the world, so if you want to mess with him, he's
the really good guy, and hey, family, I have to show you the next video so you can keep
an eye on when I upload it. Because it turns out that not only does Fen want to expose Pidd that
even if Fen has his own thing, it's already good because I think it will be one of the most documented documentaries,
worth the redundancy, but that Elon Mosk himself is also going to come out against Didi.
I already told you. in the previous videos that the candidates for the presidency of the United States
are accusing each other of having been at Didi's party in the end this
is a fight to see who wins it and we will be here watching it all subscribe activate
the bell so you don't miss the next video follow me Also on Twitter and on Instagram
I'm super active and I'll see you in the next few hours kisses beautiful family bye bye bye bye bye